add FAQ for pricing (#2031)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/orchestrate/faq.md

Yes, Sauce Orchestrate provides several debugging and troubleshooting features to help users identify and resolve issues with their tests.

> ## Can everyone use Sauce Orchestrate?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Is Sauce Orchestrate Free?
```

> No, Sauce Orchestrate is a paid add-on that is available to all customers. Please reach out to help@saucelabs.com for further assistance or request a demo!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, Sauce Orchestrate is a paid add-on that is available to all customers. Contact help@saucelabs.com for further assistance or to request a demo.
```
